So those last several sections were intentionally going pretty slow, if you're already somewhat familiar
with, you know, scripting a little bit,
it probably felt really slow.
But now we're actually going to get into some more of the scripting stuff and programming type stuff.
So I'm going to teach you about what variables are.
And you've actually already written one if you didn't know.
So if we look at our script that we made the cd file browser script: this right here is the variable.
So it's a built-in variable that lets you get all the arguments to this script as a single string separated
by spaces.
So that might be different in some cases, but usually it's a space.
So if I passed more than one file path to that, it would show those.
So you can actually see this behavior by using this 'bash -x'.
So this is another way to use the 'set -x' command, but you can just run this without having to
actually have that 'set -x' in your script.
So do 'bash -x ./cd /tmp'
So our script had all this on one line but so first it ran the built-in cd and then the folder that
we passed it.
So this variable here,'$*', is being replaced with whatever we pass to it and then--then
it runs the ls command.  And this '&&' here that means this command is only going to run if this previous
command was successful.
So I'll show you some more about that variable.  So you could say './cd /tmp'  or you know
'/home' on Linux.
So there it passed in /tmp and /Users, but it only went to the first one because we're just you can't
change directory into two different directories at the same time.
But that's just showing you how this special variable can contain whatever you pass to it.
So that's--this '$*' is like a pre-existing variable.
It's a pretty useful one, but when you're doing shell scripting, it's actually fun to create your
own, which you're going to be doing in the next lecture.